Add OpenVINO notebook to README (#225)
huggingface/optimum-intel: notebooks/README.md

| Notebook     |      Description      |   |   |
|:----------|:-------------|:-------------|------:|
| [How to quantize a model with Intel Neural Compressor for text classification](https://github.com/huggingface/notebooks/blob/master/examples/text_classification_quantization_inc.ipynb)| Show how to apply static, dynamic and aware training quantization on a model using Intel [Neural Compressor](https://github.com/intel/neural-compressor) for any GLUE task. | [![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/notebooks/blob/master/examples/text_classification_quantization_inc.ipynb)| [![Open in AWS Studio](https://studiolab.sagemaker.aws/studiolab.svg)](https://studiolab.sagemaker.aws/import/github/huggingface/notebooks/blob/master/examples/text_classification_quantization_inc.ipynb)|

> | [How to quantize a question-answering model with Post Training Quantization in NNCF and do inference with OpenVINO](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/question_answering_quantization.ipynb) | Show how to apply post-training quantization on a question-answering BERT model using [NNCF](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/nncf) and do accelerated inference with OpenVINO through optimum-intel | [![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/question_answering_quantization.ipynb)| [![Open in AWS Studio](https://studiolab.sagemaker.aws/studiolab.svg)](https://studiolab.sagemaker.aws/import/github/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/question_answering_quantization.ipynb)|

Reviewer: I am just wondering if these notebooks are discoverable from the Optimum documentation.

Reviewer 2: I can add it in optimum's documentation !

> | [How to quantize a question-answering model with Post Training Quantization in NNCF and do inference with OpenVINO](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/question_answering_quantization.ipynb) | Show how to apply post-training quantization on a question-answering BERT model using [NNCF](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/nncf) and do accelerated inference with OpenVINO through optimum-intel | [![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/question_answering_quantization.ipynb)| [![Open in AWS Studio](https://studiolab.sagemaker.aws/studiolab.svg)](https://studiolab.sagemaker.aws/import/github/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/question_answering_quantization.ipynb)|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [How to quantize a question answering model with OpenVINO NNCF](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/question_answering_quantization.ipynb) | Show how to apply post-training quantization on a question answering model using [NNCF](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/nncf) and to accelerate inference with OpenVINO| [![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/question_answering_quantization.ipynb)| [![Open in AWS Studio](https://studiolab.sagemaker.aws/studiolab.svg)](https://studiolab.sagemaker.aws/import/github/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/question_answering_quantization.ipynb)|
```
